Be precise about Document properties that return HTMLcollection (#11638)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/index.md

- {{DOMxRef("Document.documentURI")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns the document location as a string.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.embeds")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the embedded {{HTMLElement('embed')}} elements within the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the embedded {{HTMLElement('embed')}} elements in the current document.
```

>   - : Returns a list as a {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the embedded {{HTMLElement('embed')}} elements within the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the embedded {{HTMLElement('embed')}} elements within the current document.
```

>   - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the embedded {{HTMLElement('embed')}} elements within the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the embedded {{HTMLElement('embed')}} elements within the current document.
```

- {{domxref("Document.firstElementChild")}} {{readonlyInline}}
  - : Returns the first child element of the current document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.fonts")}}
  - : Returns the {{DOMxRef("FontFaceSet")}} interface of the current document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.forms")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the {{HTMLElement("form")}} elements within the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the {{HTMLElement("form")}} elements in the current document.
```

>   - : Returns a list as a {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the {{HTMLElement("form")}} elements within the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the {{HTMLElement("form")}} elements within the current document.
```

>   - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the {{HTMLElement("form")}} elements within the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the {{HTMLElement("form")}} elements within the current document.
```

- {{DOMxRef("Document.fullscreenElement")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : The element that's currently in full screen mode for this document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.head")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns the {{HTMLElement("head")}} element of the current document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.hidden")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns a Boolean value indicating if the page is considered hidden or not.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.images")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the images in the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the images in the document.
```

>   - : Returns a list as a {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the images in the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the images in the current document.
```

>   - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the images in the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the images in the current document.
```

- {{DOMxRef("Document.implementation")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns the DOM implementation associated with the current document.
- {{domxref("Document.lastElementChild")}} {{readonlyInline}}
  - : Returns the last child element of the current document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.links")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of all the hyperlinks in the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the hyperlinks in the document.
```

>   - : Returns a list as a {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of all the hyperlinks in the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of all the hyperlinks in the document.
```

>   - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of all the hyperlinks in the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of all the hyperlinks in the document.
```

- {{DOMxRef("Document.mozSyntheticDocument")}} {{Non-standard_Inline}}
  - : Returns a {{JSxRef("Boolean")}} that is `true` only if this document is synthetic, such as a standalone image, video, audio file, or the like.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.pictureInPictureElement")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns the {{DOMxRef('Element')}} currently being presented in picture-in-picture mode in this document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.pictureInPictureEnabled")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns true if the picture-in-picture feature is enabled.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.plugins")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns a list as a {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the available plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the available plugins.
```

>   - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the available plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the available plugins.
```

- {{DOMxRef("Document.pointerLockElement")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns the element set as the target for mouse events while the pointer is locked. `null` if lock is pending, pointer is unlocked, or if the target is in another document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.featurePolicy")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns the {{DOMxRef("FeaturePolicy")}} interface which provides a simple API for introspecting the feature policies applied to a specific document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.scripts")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of all the {{HTMLElement("script")}} elements on the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the {{HTMLElement("script")}} elements in the document.
```

>   - : Returns a list as a {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of all the {{HTMLElement("script")}} elements on the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of all the {{HTMLElement("script")}} elements on the document.
```

>   - : Returns a list as an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of all the {{HTMLElement("script")}} elements on the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of all the {{HTMLElement("script")}} elements on the document.
```
